and I'm going to use the default
installation location if you need to
change that location because you're
limited on drive space you can use the
Browse button to select another drive or
location and then select next and yes I
would like to I already have this
program installed and do use this
program quite a bit it's notifying me
that there is already a folder that
contains that information and asking me
if I would like to go ahead and install
to that location and I'm going to tell
it yes and then select next you can have
it create a desktop icon I'm going to go
ahead and do that and select next and
here's a little summary of the
installation process this is the
destination location start menu folder
and additional tasks such as create a
desktop icon and then select install and
I'm going to go ahead and have it
launched the pc powersuite okay on this
menu let's say here here are the
categories of different types of
utilities that you can use and under
each heading which we've got system
cleaner highlighted here we show a
system and disk cleaner a registry
cleaner and fixer and a startup cleaner
now if you notice down here at the
bottom they do have three different
versions of these for purchase whenever
you download you do get the basic
version they do have an advanced and a
pro version for more detailed settings
what I want you to look at is under the
system optimizer there's a utility in
here called registry defrag ER and
optimizer go ahead and select that
option and it's notifying you of what
actually occurs it's recommended once a
month to use this and I'm going to go
ahead and select next
and it's notifying you that it will
require exclusive access to the system
registry so other things may pause
whenever you run this program go ahead
and select the start button you must
remove rights the whole thing without
the spaces or the invalid information
that it's found okay a restart is
required for this I'm going to go ahead
and tell this know so i can continue to
the video the reason for that is is the
windows registry is only read during
startup so i'm going to tell it no and
cancel of course you hear you have a
little report total keys compacted total
size of all keys total size after
compaction so i saved a little bit of
space which space was not my overall
goal just mainly optimization so i'm
going to go ahead and select cancel now
i do have a different version of this
program installed i actually use the pro
version so i have access to all of the
files there is also as well a registry
cleaner and fixer in here and a startup
cleaner under the system cleaner let's
see here under system optimizer we have
a memory optimizer which can run the
utility we just use and the windows
optimizer in the windows optimizer will
see here that many of the options that
we have previously done such as windows
appearance you can even affect internet
and network options in here if we open
these you can see the different items
you can enable this program is pretty
detailed and a lot of the features most
people won't use they do have a
comprehensive help file in here which
will notify you of what each feature
does mainly what i recommend for
system users is the base or advanced
program if you're a little weary of
making system changes there I would not
recommend the pro version but there is
an option let's see here under system
files backup and restore you can take
different backups of your file before
you actually make changes to the system
and you can as well use this program to
restore a managed backup or open a
previous backup this will take them back
up now as well whenever you use the
under the advanced program you use the
registry cleaner and fixer when going
through this process it's it's going to
ask you to go ahead and make a backup
and it does make a backup of the
registry before completing the action
I'm going to go ahead and stop the scan
currently so we can show you some other
features there are a few features for
end users in here such as organizers
there's an appointment planner sticky
pad and a media files organizer safe
execution there's a safe uninstaller
which as well can help you uninstall
programs as we had previously done block
programs from running if you're unsure
what a program is and word that it may
be malware you can block programs in
here or change your logon settings under
internet and email there's an atom
pop-up blocker and advanced direct
mailer and email notification and under
privacy and security there's a privacy
protector that erases all traces of
evidence cookies and internet history
and in one little utility secure delete
this secure delete actually uses the DoD
Department of Defense security protocol
actually totally erase files some of you
may know and some of you may not that
when you actually delete an item off of
your computer basically what windows
does is in the first bit of information
changes the one which is or changes the
0 which is on to one which is off
windows won't see that information but
that information through various
utilities can still be retrieved from
your computer now this the spyware
detective is not a comprehensive spyware
detective but it will look for the most
basic instances of spyware you do
receive a 30 day free trial with this
program whenever you install it go ahead
and have a look at it if you like it you
may want to buy it it's a pretty handy
program a lot of the features as I
stated before we have previously gone
through in these videos and it's just a
simpler way of accessing those features
and that ends our video
you